Clarify auction info (#3071)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-auction.md

that point would win.

When candle auctions are used online, they require a random number to decide the moment of

> termination. Parachain slot auctions differ slightly from a normal candle auction in that it does not 

Reviewer: Rephrased this sentence which is factually incorrect, as a random number is never used to determine the opening phase - "Parachain slot auctions differ slightly from a normal candle auction in that it does not use the random number to decide the duration of its opening phase." 

to - "Parachain slot auctions differ slightly from a normal candle auction in that they do
not randomly terminate the auction. Instead, they run for an entire fixed duration and the winner is
chosen retroactively."

effect immediately after the auction starts. This period lasts for one day and eighteen hours and 
serves as a buffer time for parachain candidates to setup their initial bids, and likely start executing 
their strategy on how to win the slot auction. During the opening phase, bids will continue to be accepted, 
but they do not have any effect on the outcome of the auction.

The opening period then transitions into an *ending period* of five days, where the auction is subject 
to end based on the candle auction mechanism. 

The auction’s ending time can be any time within this ending period, and is automatically and randomly 
chosen by the [Verifiable Random Function (VRF)](learn-randomness.md##vrf). The probability of winning 
the auction is equal to the number of blocks with a winning bid divided by the total number of blocks in 
the ending period. The random ending is managed by propagating through the entire ending period, where a 
snapshot is taken at each block within the ending period to capture the winners during that block. At the 
end of the period, one of the snapshots is randomly selected to determine the winner of the auction.

> This process is executes six hours right after the ending period. 

Reviewer: Further explained this sentence "This process is executes six hours right after the ending period."

by rephrasing it to - "This process is executed in the next epoch (which lasts for six hours on Polkadot) after the ending period."

> chosen retroactively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
randomly chosen retroactively.
```

> This process is executed in the next epoch (which lasts for six hours on Polkadot) after the ending

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This process executes in the next epoch (which lasts for six hours on Polkadot) after the ending
```
